what's going on people with Spanky um
today or today right now right now I'm
going to show you something I didn't
really know this is the battlefield 3
battle log which I'm sure if any we
played battlefield 3 on PC you better be
familiar with this um so last night i
tried playing in a party with a friend
and we found out that you have to hold
shift to talk now I'm a sniper and that
doesn't bode well for me since shift is
sprint but uh one of my friends on my
form told me that you can change it to
detect your voice automatically now I
looked around online and I couldn't find
anything that told me how to do this and
you know I guess it was just late I
didn't see it but I'm glad he told me
and I'm going to share it with you so
first things first you go down to the
comm center from the battle log home
screen you click it open and you'll see
your online friends you're offline
friends at a new friend and create party
you have to be in a party to change the
settings so you click create party and
you are now in a party by yourself you
said little person now you go over here
mine says voice activation enabled I'm
not sure what it'll say um default but
you click settings and your settings
will pop up now yours is probably going
to be pushed to talk and it's going to
say left shift change not sending
because you're not pushing it if I hold
left shift it is sending it now on the
right you'll have your devices your
microphone and what your speakers are
going to be this lets you hear your own
voice but whenever I've done it it's
produced horrible feedback so I'm not
going to do that you're over to voice
activation next to push to talk and
you'll see your mic volume is here and
the sensitivity bars here what this is
is sets how sensitive it is too when you
talk
um when you don't reach the line it will
not send your voice so i'm going to talk
quietly you can see that it's saying not
sending i can just turn the volume down
see that's a little bit easier now you
see now even though i'm talking at my
normal voice the volume being down means
it's not as loud this is the got to be
more sensitive or less sensitive so you
bring it down here and there you are
bring that back up so that's that um now
I simply just at like backed out of here
and it I don't think it's saved for me
so what I did to ensure that it did save
was go up here to home either ctrl-click
or middle click I middle click just
because it's easier that way and now
you're back at your home page and then
close that tab and now you'll talk see
here there's icon underneath your name
and when uh that is black it means
you're transmitting your voice without
uttering a key so there you go I hope
that helped if there's any questions let
me know in the comments um I'll answer
as quickly as i can and if you have
found this somewhere else I'm not sure
why you're here you already know how to
do it so I'll see you in game